
Founder Chairman
Late Sh. Baldev Raj Mittal

Late Sh. Baldev Raj Mittal, the Founder Chairman of Lovely Group, was an entrepreneur par excellence.
The heights gained by the Lovely Group bear testimony to his tireless efforts, indomitable will, and strong sense of commitment to his ideals and goals.
His cherished conviction is a treasured legacy which will always continue to inspire and guide us.
Lovely Professional University is a humble tribute to perpetuate his quintessential existence.

    Shall Flutter like a sparrow....and into oblivion I will fly
    Baldev Raj Mittal


Chancellor
Ashok Mittal

Through ‘Transforming India by Transforming Education,’ we seek to revive the glory of the ancient Indian education system.
By providing an academic ambience, innovative pedagogy of global significance, we prepare our students to succeed in a highly competitive professional environment.
Having created a strong international presence, LPU is poised to become a Centre of Excellence in Academics and Research and be listed among the top 200 universities of the world by 2025.

Pro-Chancellor
Rashmi Mittal

At LPU, we educare young aspiring minds into complete individuals. 
We nurture and groom students to make them capable of delivering despite unforeseen challenges of a highly competitive world.
Apart from imparting knowledge, understanding, skills, and critical thinking, we enable them to become architects of the future society.
We feel satisfied in providing ace professionals, steeped in Indian values and modern outlook, to India and the world.

Vice-Chancellor
Ramesh Kanwar

Dr. Ramesh Kanwar has been the Distinguished Professor and Chair of the Agricultural and Biosystems Engineering Department (ABE) at Iowa State University.
He has worked as a consultant for the World Bank, European Commission, UNDP, USAID, NATO and FAO etc.
He was awarded Doctorate Degrees by Trakia University, Bulgaria and by the Georgian Agrarian University, Georgia.
He has authored more than 500 publications including 167 refereed journal articles, 10 book chapters, and 90 conference papers.
